mining-siacoin.md, before:

How to Mine Ethereum
=======================

# Intro

This guide assumes you have read through [README](README.md) and have the sufficient hardware to begin mining. Sia coin is currently easy to mine. With current video cards able to hash at several hundred or even thousand MH/s, you'll no doubt mine several Sia coin in a day. However, it's value is still very low. In some cases you might just break even if you intend to sell it as you mine it. 

# Graphics Cards and Hashrates for Sia Coin

#### NVIDIA
1. GTX 1050 TI (75W) (~)
2. GTX 1060 (120W) (~1100 MH/s)
3. GTX 1070 (150W) (~1400 MH/s)
4. GTX 1070 TI (180W) (~)
5. GTX 1080 (180W) (~2200 MH/s)
6. GTX 1080 TI (250W) (~3000 MH/s)

#### Radeon
1. RX550 (50W) (~)
2. RX560 (75W) (~)
3. RX570 (120W) (~)
4. RX580 (185W) (~)
5. RX Vega 56 (210W) (~)
6. RX Vega 64 (295 W) (~)

# Getting A Wallet

A wallet is necessary, as it provides a means of receiving any coins you have mined. It has a static address that is used during configuration of the mining programs. Don't lose the password to your wallet and don't lose your wallet. Create backups as needed.

Keep in mind that this is different from a wallet held on an exchange.

Download Installer at [Get A SIA Coin Wallet](https://sia.tech/apps/). Choose the file appropriate for your operating system.

Download the latest release. As of this writing (December 2017), the current release is 0.9.3

Create a password. Do not lose this. It cannot be changed or recovered so once it's gone, you lose it and any funds in your wallet forever. 

# Mining

As mentioned previously, there are several miners available. For this guide we will be using Claymore. 

Download the latest at [Claymore](https://github.com/nanopool/Claymore-Dual-Miner/releases). Choose the file appropriate for your operating system. 

Extract the contents 

### Windows

Once extracted, edit the start.bat file

Delete it's contents and put in the following

    setx GPU_FORCE_64BIT_PTR 0
    setx GPU_MAX_HEAP_SIZE 100
    setx GPU_USE_SYNC_OBJECTS 1
    setx GPU_MAX_ALLOC_PERCENT 100
    setx GPU_SINGLE_ALLOC_PERCENT 100

    EthDcrMiner64.exe -dpool sia-us-west1.nanopool.org:9999 -ewal wallet_address/machine_nick/email -mode 1


**wallet_address:** Address of the wallet you created using geth. Do not use coinbase ethereum wallet address. 
**machine_nick:**   Give your machine a nickname of your choosing
**email:**          Email you want to be notified at when the miner has a status change


Once again, do not put your coinbase address as it can change periodically and you will lose your mined funds

Double click the start.bat file and you'll be mining!

### Ubuntu

Once extracted, edit the start_eth_only bash script

Delete it's contents and put in the following

    setx GPU_MAX_ALLOC_PERCENT 100
    setx GPU_SINGLE_ALLOC_PERCENT 100

    EthDcrMiner64.exe -dpool sia-us-west1.nanopool.org:9999 -ewal wallet_address/machine_nick/email -mode 1

**wallet_address:** Address of the wallet you created using geth. Do not use coinbase ethereum wallet address. 
**machine_nick:**   Give your machine a nickname of your choosing
**email:**          Email you want to be notified at when the miner has a status change

Once again, do not put your coinbase address as it can change periodically and you will lose your mined funds

Execute the edited script on your terminal

# Monitor Mining Progress

The miner will repeatedly output status information to the screen. Keep an eye on your GPU's temperature making sure it does not exceed the manufacturer's maximum temperature threshold.

To monitor how much ethereum is being mined, visit https://sia.nanopool.org/account/wallet_address. A minimum of 1 share has to have been mined before any account information can be visible.

Commit message:

- Fix Siacoin title to actually say Siacoin - Edit hash rates for Siacoin - Add recommended GPU driver for Linux based OSes - Add terminal command for running scripts

mining-siacoin.md, after:

How to Mine Siacoin
=======================

# Intro

This guide assumes you have read through [README](README.md) and have the sufficient hardware to begin mining. Sia coin is currently easy to mine. With current video cards able to hash at several hundred or even thousand MH/s, you'll no doubt mine several Sia coin in a day. However, it's value is still very low. In some cases you might just break even if you intend to sell it as you mine it. 

# Graphics Cards and Hashrates for Sia Coin

#### NVIDIA
1. GTX 1050 TI (75W) (~)
2. GTX 1060 (120W) (~1100 MH/s)
3. GTX 1070 (150W) (~1400 MH/s)
4. GTX 1070 TI (180W) (~1700 MH/s)
5. GTX 1080 (180W) (~2200 MH/s)
6. GTX 1080 TI (250W) (~3000 MH/s)

#### Radeon
1. RX550 (50W) (~)
2. RX560 (75W) (~)
3. RX570 (120W) (~)
4. RX580 (185W) (~)
5. RX Vega 56 (210W) (~)
6. RX Vega 64 (295W) (~)

# Getting A Wallet

A wallet is necessary, as it provides a means of receiving any coins you have mined. It has a static address that is used during configuration of the mining programs. Don't lose the password to your wallet and don't lose your wallet. Create backups as needed.

Keep in mind that this is different from a wallet held on an exchange.

Download Installer at [Get A SIA Coin Wallet](https://sia.tech/apps/). Choose the file appropriate for your operating system.

Download the latest release. As of this writing (December 2017), the current release is 0.9.3

Create a password. Do not lose this. It cannot be changed or recovered so once it's gone, you lose it and any funds in your wallet forever. 

# Mining

As mentioned previously, there are several miners available. For this guide we will be using Claymore. 

Download the latest at [Claymore](https://github.com/nanopool/Claymore-Dual-Miner/releases). Choose the file appropriate for your operating system. 

Extract the contents 

### Windows

Once extracted, edit the start.bat file

Delete it's contents and put in the following

    setx GPU_FORCE_64BIT_PTR 0
    setx GPU_MAX_HEAP_SIZE 100
    setx GPU_USE_SYNC_OBJECTS 1
    setx GPU_MAX_ALLOC_PERCENT 100
    setx GPU_SINGLE_ALLOC_PERCENT 100

    EthDcrMiner64.exe -dpool sia-us-west1.nanopool.org:9999 -ewal wallet_address/machine_nick/email -mode 1


**wallet_address:** Address of the wallet you created using the sia wallet. Do not use coinbase ethereum wallet address. 
**machine_nick:**   Give your machine a nickname of your choosing
**email:**          Email you want to be notified at when the miner has a status change


Once again, do not put your coinbase address as it can change periodically and you will lose your mined funds

Double click the start.bat file and you'll be mining!

### Ubuntu

Once extracted, edit the start_eth_only bash script

Delete it's contents and put in the following

    setx GPU_MAX_ALLOC_PERCENT 100
    setx GPU_SINGLE_ALLOC_PERCENT 100

    EthDcrMiner64.exe -dpool sia-us-west1.nanopool.org:9999 -ewal wallet_address/machine_nick/email -mode 1

**wallet_address:** Address of the wallet you created using the sia wallet. Do not use coinbase ethereum wallet address. 
**machine_nick:**   Give your machine a nickname of your choosing
**email:**          Email you want to be notified at when the miner has a status change

Once again, do not put your coinbase address as it can change periodically and you will lose your mined funds

Execute the edited script on your terminal

    ./start_sia_only.bash

# Monitor Mining Progress

The miner will repeatedly output status information to the screen. Keep an eye on your GPU's temperature making sure it does not exceed the manufacturer's maximum temperature threshold.

To monitor how much ethereum is being mined, visit https://sia.nanopool.org/account/wallet_address. A minimum of 1 share has to have been mined before any account information can be visible.
