README.md, before:

Introduction to Crypto Mining
==============

Hello and welcome to my crypto mining guide. This guide is meant to get you up and mining as quickly as possible. There are thousands of alt coins out there with hundreds of different mining programs. There are many ways to mine cryptocurrency, but this guide is written to show you what works best for me. In a sense, these are also my personal notes. 

Unless you have numerous and very high end hardware, mining cryptocurrency for profit will not be as efficient as directly purchasing them through an exchange. Even with current ethereum prices, it will take months to pay off a single new graphics card purchase. Mining is best suited for those who already have high end graphics cards such as those who buy them for gaming or video editing purposes. 

With that said, mined cryptocurrency can be used to purchase other cryptocurrency that has the potential to increase in value. Mining is generally risk free, as the hardware investment required to mine can be used for other purposes and also holds its value well on the used market. If you already have the hardware, there is profit to be made. 

# The Basics: What you need

## Hardware

### Base Computer Requirements
Mining of any cryptocurrency mentioned in this guide is primarily a GPU intensive task. Therefore, a computer with a very fast CPU, much RAM or large storage capacity is not required. For example, a Core i3 2120 from 2010 with 4 GB of RAM and 380 GB storage capacity is plenty sufficient. 

### Operating System
An operating system such as Windows or Ubuntu is recommended. 

### Graphics Cards
Any high end graphics card of recent vintage can be suitable for mining. Graphics cards with 4 GB or more of RAM are mandatory.   

Older cards can be used for mining but may operate at slower hash rates. With a slow enough hash rate, it may not be profitable when the electricity billing rates are factored in. 

As of this writing (December 2017), the following are recommended. Please see the specific mining files to see hash rates. 

#### NVIDIA
1. GTX 1050 TI (75W)
2. GTX 1060 (120W)
3. GTX 1070 (150W)
4. GTX 1070 TI (180W)
5. GTX 1080 (180W)
6. GTX 1080 TI (250W)

#### Radeon
1. RX540 (65W)
2. RX550 (50W)
3. RX560 (75W)
4. RX570 (120W)
5. RX580 (185W)
6. RX Vega 56 (210W)
7. RX Vega 64 (295 W)

### Cooling
Graphics cards running several hours a day will generate a lot of heat. At the bare minimum, a well ventilated case with enough fans is a requirement. 

### Power
Power supply with enough power for the selected graphics cards. 

# Additional Info/Reference
Knowing the following is not a requirement for mining, but will definetely help. 

What is mining? 
Is mining still worth it? 
What is a wallet? 
What is a blockchain?
What is a hashrate?

# What's Next
The typical setup procedure is 

1. Setup a wallet for the selected cryptocurrency
2. Download a mining application
3. Configure the mining application and put in the wallet's address. 
4. Start mining
5. If you so desire, transfer contents from your wallet to an exchange of your choosing. 

This guide covers several crypto currencies, click on one of the following to get started:

[Ethereum](mining-ethereum.md)
[Sia](mining-siacoin.md)


If you do not have sufficient hardware or are unsure about what crypto-currency to mine, please read the [NiceHash Document](nicehash.md). In simple terms, it allows people to borrow your computer's powers to mine whatever they want. In return, you get paid in Bitcoin. Best of all this can all be done through the cloud and your computer will never have to leave your side.

Commit message:

- Fix Siacoin title to actually say Siacoin - Edit hash rates for Siacoin - Add recommended GPU driver for Linux based OSes - Add terminal command for running scripts

README.md, after:

Introduction to Crypto Mining
==============

Hello and welcome to my crypto mining guide. This guide is meant to get you up and mining as quickly as possible. There are thousands of alt coins out there with hundreds of different mining programs. There are many ways to mine cryptocurrency, but this guide is written to show you what works best for me. In a sense, these are also my personal notes. 

Unless you have numerous and very high end hardware, mining cryptocurrency for profit will not be as efficient as directly purchasing them through an exchange. Even with current ethereum prices, it will take months to pay off a single new graphics card purchase. Mining is best suited for those who already have high end graphics cards such as those who buy them for gaming or video editing purposes. 

With that said, mined cryptocurrency can be used to purchase other cryptocurrency that has the potential to increase in value. Mining is generally risk free, as the hardware investment required to mine can be used for other purposes and also holds its value well on the used market. If you already have the hardware, there is profit to be made. 

# The Basics: What you need

## Hardware

### Base Computer Requirements
Mining of any cryptocurrency mentioned in this guide is primarily a GPU intensive task. Therefore, a computer with a very fast CPU, much RAM or large storage capacity is not required. For example, a Core i3 2120 from 2010 with 4 GB of RAM and 380 GB storage capacity is plenty sufficient. 

### Operating System
An operating system such as Windows or Ubuntu is recommended. In some cases, mining using a Linux based OS has shown to have higher hash rates. 

### Graphics Cards
Any high end graphics card of recent vintage can be suitable for mining. Graphics cards with 4 GB or more of RAM are mandatory.   

Older cards can be used for mining but may operate at slower hash rates. With a slow enough hash rate, it may not be profitable when the electricity billing rates are factored in. 

As of this writing (December 2017), the following are recommended. Please see the specific mining files to see hash rates. 

#### NVIDIA
1. GTX 1050 TI (75W)
2. GTX 1060 (120W)
3. GTX 1070 (150W)
4. GTX 1070 TI (180W)
5. GTX 1080 (180W)
6. GTX 1080 TI (250W)

#### Radeon
1. RX540 (65W)
2. RX550 (50W)
3. RX560 (75W)
4. RX570 (120W)
5. RX580 (185W)
6. RX Vega 56 (210W)
7. RX Vega 64 (295W)

### Drivers

#### Windows
Latest drivers from AMD/NVIDIA are sufficient.

#### Linux Based OS
When using an AMD graphics card, use the following driver [AMDGPU-Pro 17.40](http://support.amd.com/en-us/kb-articles/Pages/AMDGPU-PRO-Driver-for-Linux-Release-Notes.aspx) released October 30th, 2017. 

### Cooling
Graphics cards running several hours a day will generate a lot of heat. At the bare minimum, a well ventilated case with enough fans is a requirement. 

### Power
Power supply with enough power for the selected graphics cards. 

# Additional Info/Reference
Knowing the following is not a requirement for mining, but will definetely help. 

What is mining? 
Is mining still worth it? 
What is a wallet? 
What is a blockchain?
What is a hashrate?

# What's Next
The typical setup procedure is 

1. Setup a wallet for the selected cryptocurrency
2. Download a mining application
3. Configure the mining application and put in the wallet's address. 
4. Start mining
5. If you so desire, transfer contents from your wallet to an exchange of your choosing. 

This guide covers several crypto currencies, click on one of the following to get started:

[Ethereum](mining-ethereum.md)
[Sia](mining-siacoin.md)


If you do not have sufficient hardware or are unsure about what crypto-currency to mine, please read the [NiceHash Document](nicehash.md). In simple terms, it allows people to borrow your computer's powers to mine whatever they want. In return, you get paid in Bitcoin. Best of all this can all be done through the cloud and your computer will never have to leave your side.
